{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red52\green110\blue183;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19220\viewh10040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 exampleReadMe2\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs76 \cf2 getting_and_cleaning_data_assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b0\fs30 \cf2 Repository for the assignment of Coursera lectures Getting and Cleaning Data.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs76 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300
\cf2 Instruction on how to run the scripts\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa300
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs30 \cf2 1.	Download the 
\i run_analysis.R
\i0  file in your working directory and run it in any R command shell or Rstudio session.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa300
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 2.	The script first downloads the file in a data subdirectory of your working directory: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Link to data set}}\uc0\u8232 It is the same link as the one provided in the assignment webpage. The script will create a data subdirectory if there is not one already\
3.	Unzip the downloaded file in the data subdirectory. This will create an additional subdirectory UCI_HAR_Dataset. The script takes into account this file structure (./data/UCI_HAR_Dataset/\'85) and its subfolders.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa300
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 4.	Finally, the script creates both a .csv  and  .txt file called 
\i tidy_SamsungDS_Coursera.csv
\i0  and 
\i tidy_SamsungDS_Coursera.txt 
\i0 respectively in your working directory. This is the tidy data set that the assignment required the student to create. The .txt file is created since the Coursera site does not accept .csv format.  Acceptable formats for the site are: 
\f1\i\fs28 \cf2 txt, png, jpg, gif, pdf.
\f0\i0\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs76 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300
\cf2 Note\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs30 \cf2 You will probably be required to load/install the 
\i \cf2 plyr
\i0 \cf2  package.}